Create a mental health app using the foundations of the Eric Berne's Transactional Analysis Model with Dr. Hawkins Scale of Consciousness Model in the book Power vs. Force: The hidden determinants of human behavior. Applied Kinesiology has shown in humans speaking and understanding the North American English model does create weakness in the human body. For example "I should do this" creates the nocebo effect and lowers the immune system in human beings. If "should" is replaced with 'could,' 'want,' 'will,' 'do,' 'might,' or 'choose' in applied Kinesiology this creates the placebo effect in humans and the immune system is stronger.

In Power vs. Force, Dr. Hawkins shows the scale of calibrated levels of consciousness (CLOCs), which is based on consistent test results from thousands of people. All energy levels below 200 test 'weak' and drain life. All energy levels above 200 test 'strong' and support life. The vibration of 200, Courage, leads to self-empowerment. The vibration of 500, Love, is where healing occurs because one sees others as themselves. 

The higher the CLOC number, the stronger the life supporting value. Although we often feel blends of these energies, we can learn to function more in the higher vibrations and create life conditions of joy and peace.
	
DON'T, ISN'T, CAN'T, NOT and TRY

Many psychologists believe the subconscious has no understanding for the words 'don't,' 'isn't,' 'can't,' 'not' and 'try.' So in order to get an accurate response, avoid using these auxiliary verbs in belief-work process and tell the client to omit these words from their statements. For example, a client needs to change a statement such as 'I don't love myself,' to 'I hate myself.' For example 2, a client needs to change a statement such as 'I don't hate myself,' to 'I love myself.'

Although many psychologists believe that the subconscious has no understanding of these words, I think that many people do understand the difference subconsciously. However, there are many people who are challenge by these words, so it makes sense to avoid using these words when first starting to do belief work.

To test properly for a program, the client's statement needs be 'I don't hate myself,' to 'I love myself.' Then you can energy test negatively or positively for this program with a 'Yes' or 'No' response. If the client needs the program to be changed, you replace 'I don't hate myself' with 'I love myself.'

Expressing Feelings: When expressing our feelings, the following 11 pointers can help us be clear and direct:

1. We can think of E-motion as a short form for 'Energy in motion.' 
2. We use feeling words or phrases to describe how our energy is moving according to how we perceive stimuli: what is going on in the present moment. 
3. We perceive stimuli that are internal, external, or a combination of both.
4. An internal stimulus is whatever our self-talk is focused on. As our thoughts change, our energy moves.
5. An external stimulus is whatever we notice in our environment. For example, our energy moves with people's actions and words and when the landscape or air quality shifts.
6. All feelings are valuable and serve a purpose. Although people often label feelings as positive or negative, all our feelings move to connect us to the present moment.
7. Own our feelings by avoiding or deleting the use of these phrases such as, "You MAKE ME feel..." or "They MAKE ME feel..." or "S/He MAKES ME feel..." or "It MAKES ME feel...." All imply that external stimuli are more powerful than our ability to choose our 

Self Talk Patterns - Transactional Analysis Model.  
8. When our feeling statement starts with, "I feel THAT...," we are actually saying what we think rather than what we feel. For example, "I feel that my family supports me," can be clarified as "I feel HAPPY that my family supports me." Own our feelings by avoiding or deleting the use of the phrase "I feel THAT...," and replacing with "I feel (Emotion Word)...."
9. People have different mental pictures for feeling words. For example, when we say, "I feel WILD," some may think we are feeling playful and spontaneous while others may think we are feeling furious and explosive.
10. People interpret the intensity of feeling words differently. When we say, "I feel FRUSTRATED," some may think we are annoyed while others may think we are outraged.
11. Ensure that our body language matches our feeling words.
